Nouncer is an Android application that announces times on entering
and leaving specified locations along a route using text-to-speech.

In the future, perhaps it could use the Strava API at
http://strava.github.io/api/v3/segments/ to specify routes.

Personally relevant use cases:

 - Hill climb:
   1. At bottom
      - on exit, save start time and announce start time
   2. At top
      - on entry, if entering from bottom, announce time differential

 - Loop with 2 intermediate points:
   1. At start/end
      - on entry, if entering from intermediate 2 on loop, announce
        time differential
      - on exit, save start time and announce start time (possibly suppress
        the announcement if just finished a loop, but still save the
        start time for a potential next loop)
   2. At intermediates
      - on entry, if on loop, announce time differential

Implementation notes:

Times are rounded to the nearest second.

Entry and exit times are calculated by taking two points, one just inside
and one just outside a given radius of the location, and linearly
extrapolating to the point closest to the location (rounded to the nearest
second).

Google Play seems to require being online.  Need to be offline.  So
Google Play Geofencing API is out.

Have multiple LocationListeners:
 - one with a long update time and distance that is always active, that
   activates another that has a shorter update time and distance when
   within a certain radius of any of the specified locations
 - (optionally) one or more with a shorter update time and distance that
   deactivates when not within a certain radius of any of the specified
   locations, and activates another with an even smaller update time and
   distance when within an even smaller radius
 - one with the shortest update time and distance, which receives the
   location updates used to actually calculate entry and exit times

Main Activity:
 Start/stop service
 UI for specifying locations/routes/announcement text (initially not
 implemented)
 Show the latest entry/exit times

Service:
 on start: set up LocationListeners, initialize text-to-speech
 on stop: remove LocationListeners, shutdown text-to-speech
 Gather location updates to calculate entry/exit times
 Gather entry/exit times to calculate and play announcements
